Update enterprise packaging in feature docs (#11810)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/enterprise/audit-logging.mdx

# Audit Logging

<EnterpriseAlert>

>   This feature is available in v1.8.0+ of: (1) {' '}

Author: **Question for reviewer**

Do we agree with including the version inline here? (versus just `is available in: (1) ...`

And should it be `v1.8.0+` or `versions 1.8.0+`?

>   <a href="https://cloud.hashicorp.com/pricing/consul/">HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) Consul - Standard tier and above</a>

Author: @pcmccarron : is this the link we want to use for the link circled in red below? Or some other HCP link?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85913323/145654548-d9a69036-af33-4c83-91ee-8c2ba9d1f11c.png)

Reviewer: Per the comment above, we should probably just link to the matrix on the CE

Author: @trujillo-adam: anything else you'd change about this?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/85913323/155187022-92479cbe-7630-4c51-8bf6-560533bd0f09.png)

# Audit Logging

<EnterpriseAlert>

>   This feature is available in versions 1.8.0+ of
>   HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) and self-managed Consul according to the{' '}
>   <a href="/docs/enterprise/feature-availability">enterprise feature matrix</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This feature is requires version 1.8.0+ of
  HashiCorp Cloud Platform (HCP) or self-managed Consul. Refer to the {' '}
  <a href="/docs/enterprise/feature-availability">enterprise feature matrix</a> for additional information.
```
Just to reiterate, it would be better to specify in a 'Requirements' section.  
We can do that down the road. For now, I suggest rewording all of these instances to fix the odd cause/effect construction " . . . according to the enterprise feature matrix".

Author: Reworded accordingly. Moving to a requirements section can happen in a future PR.
